# WikiSpy Chrome Extension

WikiSpy is a tool to monitor Wikipedia and the internet for disinfo, misinfo, and other cyber threats. The WikiSpy Chrome Extension is similar to NewsGuard's 'nutrition labels' for rating reputable and not-reputable news sources.

The Extension will highlight text in your browser in real-time to detect disinfo, misinfo, propaganda from State actors, political parties, corporations, threat actors, etc and link you to educational content to help you learn the facts and make more informed choices. The Extension will have a watch list for Wikipedia where you can highlight groups of users and admin's contributions so you can see what groups of people have made which changes to the wiki. A similar highlighting system will be used to show questionable citations like CNN. When you hover over highlighted text it will pop up the 'nutrition label' and show you what the colors mean along with some badges to give you more information and context about the content and sources.

The Extension open-source and will work with a closed source back-end web service. The web service will have a machine learning algorithm disinfo, misinfo, propaganda, cyber threat pattern recognition system that will be a paid service.

## License

Copyright © 2021 [WikiSpy](https://wikispy.us); most rights reserved, Third-party commercialization prohibited, mandatory improvement donations.

This source code form is an open-source document, the Writings and Discoveries, that was written by and contains intellectual property belonging to the IP Owner. The Writings and Discoveries consist of documents, files, source code, technology design files, art, trademarks, and other content contained this file, folder and the GitHub repository, the Repo, located at <https://github.com/WikiSpy/WikiSpy>. The Writings and Discoveries are published under the Kabuki Strong Source-available License, the License, which is a non-commercial open-source license and is for educational and demonstration purposes only. To use the Writings and Discoveries for commercial purposes, you must download the Writings and Discoveries from <https://wikispy.us> and you will be bound to the license agreed upon before downloading the Writings and Discoveries. You may use, reproduce, publicly display, and modify the Writings and Discoveries so long as you submit and donate fixes and derived intellectual property, the Donated Ideas, to the Repo as an Issue ticket to become part of the Writings and Discoveries. You may not sell the Writings and Discoveries or otherwise profit from derivative works created from the Writings and Discoveries, refereed to as Third-party commercialization, without the expressed written permission of the copyright holder. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the Writings and Discoveries distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
